let's bring in Al ja's correspondent Hy
abuba who joins us live from the Gaza
Strip and hany will'll come on to that
attack in a second but first this second
Convoy of trucks entering Gaza what more
do we know about
that yes we we just heard and confirmed
the entrance of 17 more trucks from the
Egyptian side the Egyptian gate of the
crossing uh to the Palestinian side they
are now in between between the Arab the
two gates uh for transferring uh
humanitarian Aid to Palestinian trucks
and these are 17 more trucks of
humanitarian Aid so far we know they are
filled with Medical Aid there there's no
uh talk about a fuel or Food Supplies
the only uh item that are carried on
this Convoy are medical supplies and we
think uh according to words from the uh
doct from hospitals official that they
are directed hopefully they are these uh
humanitarian Aid are directed to
hospitals as they are in dire need of of
necessary medical supplies uh there's
just one item missing from hospital here
which is uh antiseptic uh that is used
for uh Sodom monus uh bacterial
bacterial to treat Sodom monus bacterial
infection uh that pushed doctors uh to
reach the corner of shops for vinegar as
an alternative so doctors here hoping
that these uh this Convoy would at least
uh uh reduce the uh the the damage and
reduce the uh the suffering of hospitals
as as they are on a brink of
collapse and honey as this goes on the
bombardment of course continues and the
casualties have been continuing to
mount yes well the the in addition to an
intensive air strikes campaign covering
the entire Gaza Strip every once in a
while we hear Heavy Artillery Shilling
uh it started about an hour ago uh in
the in the northern part of Gaza uh
mainly the city of beun and the City of
B laa the eastern part of Gaza City
that's mainly two densely populated
neighborhood Shaya neighborhood and zun
neighborhood uh there is a ongo
massive uh mass bombardment of
residential areas there is a a a fear
among Palestinian that people who could
not uh leave the northern part in Gaza
City are are afraid to be trapped under
these heavy bombardment and air strikes
uh they the this tall as we heard from
an official statement is exceeding
4,500 however uh this number is likely
to increase as there are many people
still under the rubel and uh we we don't
know uh to what number are we going to
get but there is a fear among
Palestinian that we're getting close to
6,000 Palestinians killed in in as a
result of these air strikes okay honey
we'll leave it there for the moment Hy
abush shba thanks very much indeed thank
you